as the world continues to spiral
downwards in the global economic
collapse we need to attain information
which is timely and accurate having good
sources of information is integral to
our success and security you came here
for the truth so let me unveil that for
you today I'm going to show you the
sources that I look at every single day
to get the information that I bring to
you so let's get into this very quickly
Number One Zero Hedge Zero Hedge tends
to be the best source of information I
think it is generally one which is
lacking of a bias and simply showing us
the truth now it's one that would be
more towards a
Libertarian perspective on the economy
so I think that is a good thing to have
that you don't necessar neily have
rightwing or left wing you tend to see a
lot of um a lot of the information that
we need to see and not a lot of the
censorship so I do believe that Zero
Hedge is excellent for that a lot of the
charts that I show you are from Zero
Hedge then Zero Hedge basically brings
you from there into other websites if
you don't know about Zero Hedge you
definitely need to check them out very
important they're an aggregator of
information but more importantly they
really get into showing you a lot of the
detail of um certain aspects and I think
perhaps for most people they get into a
little bit too much of the technical
analysis but it doesn't matter you don't
have to look at all that so Zero Hedge
definitely being one of my favorite
sources now Drudge Report is obviously
one of the biggest sites in the world
they are a very important site to check
out they are however definitely
right-wing I would say that at least my
opinion the way I see it there's an
obvious Trump um bias that they have Pro
Trump definitely you can see that going
on but there's no doubt that they bring
together an amazing set of information
every single day the site is updated so
regularly and I do believe that it is
important to check out every single day
you can see if you go on in the morning
and then you go on in the evening it's
almost a totally different set of
information so it's something that's
constantly being updated and uh very
it's very important site there's no
doubt about it then I look at CNS news
CNS news although I don't necessarily
read everything from here they get into
a lot of the information that uh the
government doesn't like to talk about
that's for sure so we see the different
numbers whether it's the food stamp
numbers or anything else they'll get
into that so it's a lot of the reports
brought out by the government they'll
bring it here here and they
will um tend to get into things that you
won't get in the mainstream media so
definitely one of the sites that I like
to check out one of them I didn't uh
pull up here but I want to mention right
now before I forget Judicial Watch This
is an extremely important
website and for those who aren't aware a
lot of times Judicial Watch will cover
some of the most important information
out there they get documents they
basically do the Freedom of Information
Act uh request and I think that they're
so crucial to our Liberty because they
really keep the government in check and
when they're not in check they will
expose that information so Judicial
Watch is another one that I believe is
integral Shadow
stats I think everybody knows about
Shadow stats by now but if you don't
essentially they recalculate John
Williams recalculates the statistics
brought out by the government using the
old methods so the 1980 and 19 um 1980
and 90 depending on the
statistic they show a much much more
accurate uh results for inflation for
unemployment for everything else you can
see a lot of the information free at
their website Shadow stats but then you
can also sign up for the uh subscription
that he has I did sign sign up uh
previously it is very detailed so if you
want to know about the ins and outs you
can get on that but if you just want to
look at the basics you can see that for
free at Shadow stats.com I also look at
Bloomberg and I don't look at Bloomberg
necessarily for their opinion on
everything but when I want to see what's
happening with the markets I generally
go to bloomberg.com that's usually where
I have a good idea of What's Happen
happening in the market I don't
necessarily go to Reuters or anywhere
else although I may be brought there by
other websites I tend to look at
Bloomberg for the pure Financial advice
obviously there's no doubt I go to
YouTube as well see a lot of information
on
there and looking at this when I look at
health information one of the best
websites in the world is the National
Institutes of Health and if you go to
NIH you'll be uh looking at one of the
biggest resources that they have in the
world it's technical there's no doubt
about that but when you go to the uh
website you can go to the search at the
top and you could see you can search
something like sv40 for example you can
search whatever you want up there and
they will bring up all of the studies
that have been done on that particular
subject so whatever you're interested in
type it in the search bar and you will
definitely find some good
information and looking at Bitcoin
because a lot of times for Bloomberg for
example you don't get the detail of
cryptocurrencies you're not going to
have people who understand
cryptocurrencies so it's not really a
good resource other than to track the
price and maybe you hear about what's
happening out there in a general sense
but you need to check out
uh two websites that I think are
important and there's many many more but
if you want to follow the pricing you
should check out coin market cap that's
important for the just to track the
accurate pricing to see what the market
caps that just to get a general overview
of what's happening with the
cryptocurrencies and then you can look
at coindesk and there are so many
websites out there that really get into
the cryptocurrencies and Zero Hedge
covers it as well
but to have sort of the I like to think
of as the bloomberg.com for cryptos and
so coindesk is essentially a good place
to start if you're not um already
looking into this all as a whole
definitely check out coindesk so these
are these are some of the uh sources
that I look at particularly uh zeroedge
drudge Bloomberg actually all of them in
fact that I go to
regularly the those are some of the uh
places I also have uh personal sources
that I have uh which I've spoken to over
the years whether it's in the financial
industry uh I have a high level Source
in the shipping industry that I discuss
with and just basically people that you
you know over the years and uh those are
some other things that's all for this
video many people have asked me you know
what my sources are I wanted to bring a
video out just to talk to you about that
I think that anybody can really get
enough information from what's available
out there
to you know go off on your own and have
enough knowledge to prosper to be secure
you don't need any special sources out
there don't don't listen to the
so-called gurus and experts everybody's
a financial expert now and everybody
even though they're against the bankers
and they're against the financial
establishment they're telling you which
stocks to buy and everything else so you
know don't trust anybody I assure you
you just go out there and get your own
information and then last but not
least if you found the video informative
please give me a thumbs up finally the
t-shirt is ready the very first one I'm
going to release many more but if you're
interested in getting the money GPS
t-shirts go over to the money gps.com
click on the store link at the bottom
and then you're brought with this the
first thing is the audiobooks the next
thing with the T-shirt logo click on
that you're going to be brought over to
Amazon and then you can get into the
different t-shirts right now there's
only this uh one and you can
choose uh men or youth or women and then
um you will see the different color
options that are
available and If you like this of course
you can purchase it support me as as an
author but also make a statement out
there so you'll see this here if I could
zoom in what it looks
like this
is essentially say no to GMO you can see
that design I think it's really awesome
the only thing about this is that it's
only available to people in the US I
can't even order my own shirt so that's
an Amazon thing I don't know I hope that
this will change very
soon there's nothing I can do about it I
I can't expand it beyond the US for now
if there's a way I'm going to figure it
out so hang in there if you're like me
you're from Canada or perhaps from
another place but if you're from the
states then please by all means check
this out say no to GMOs just one of many
I'm going to do in the fed I'm going to
do so many so stay tuned for that once
again go to the money gps.com you click
on the store link and you will get over
to this right here take care